Week 1
'himmybutler' selected as group name
I was selected as the scrum master due to previous react experience
After discussion on possible projects, we selected Waitery System
Made a list of what novelties we could do after talking to our tutor.

Week 2:
Joined the Jira for our group
Chose the novelties: estimated wait time and review system
Discussed with team the tech stack that we would use: react for frontend, firebase database
Researched existing wait systems to see customer issues

Week 3:
Delegated project proposal tasks to team members
Joined the GitHub Classroom
I was responsible for system architecture in project proposal
Created system architecture using figma, and also reviewed the user stories on Jira 

Week 4:
Delegated the Jira Tickets of the sprint to my team
Created the react app for our system.
Created the firebase
Completed user authentication tickets 
Created a page with sample buttons for my backend members to test their functions.
Assisted backend team members with Firebase API and JavaScript.

Week 5:
Created a logo for our system: Orderistic
Added security for staff menu, i.e., cannot be accessed by customers.
Created new API functions for staff and users
Supervised both front-end and back-end tickets.
As Scrum Master initiated team meetings on Sunday and Monday.

Week 6:
As the scrum master, organised a meeting to discuss Sprint 2 functions
Delegated more tasks to team members

Week 7: 
Worked on my assigned user stories for kitchen console.
Added card skeletons to api calling functions
Organised peer progamming session with frontend members

Week 8:
Worked on the waitery console and improved UI for kitchen console.
Finished request bill and request assistance buttons and respective backend
Fixing up minor bugs with API calls to firebase

Week 9:
Completed waitery console and kitchen console in preparation for our final project demo
Edited my other teammembers functions/code to ensure they work properly
Consulted with frontend team members for how we want the UI to look on the waitery consoles

Week 10: 
Cleaning up code quality and adding comments to functions
Moved the components to their respective folders, e.g. menu, cart, reviews
Worked on my report section: third party functionalities and challenges

